README.md, before:

# Bound Keys #

A plugin to list the contents of keymap files and indicate any clashes / overrides. 
Sublime Text 2 (http://www.sublimetext.com/2).

The plugin lists the contents of all installed sublime-keymap files from active 
plugins along with the user and default files. The last column of the table 
lists clashes of key combinations whilst he prescence of *asterisks* indicate 
that the combination is overridden by the other file.

The presented columns of data are: Key combination, command called, arguments to 
command and clashes.

## License ##

Bound Keys is licensed under the MIT license.

  Copyright (c) 2013 Steven Perfect <steve@codeeffect.co.uk>

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
  THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Update readme to give installation instructions + default key bindings

README.md, after:

# Bound Keys #

A plugin for Sublime Text 2 to list the contents of keymap files and indicate any clashes / overrides.

## Details ##

The plugin lists the contents of all installed .sublime-keymap files from active 
plugins along with the user and default files. The last column of the table 
lists clashes of key combinations whilst he presence of *asterisks* indicate 
that the combination is overridden by the other file.

The presented columns of data are: Key combination, command called, arguments to 
command and clashes.

## Manual installation ##

At present the plugin is not in package control so you will need to install manually.
Go to the "Packages" directory (`Preferences` / `Browse Packages…`). Then clone this
repository:

    git clone git://github.com/CodeEffect/BoundKeys

## Default key bindings ##

`shift+f10 - bound_keys - Open a new tab and list details of all bound keys indicating where clashes occur`

## License ##

Bound Keys is licensed under the MIT license.

  Copyright (c) 2013 Steven Perfect <steve@codeeffect.co.uk>

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
  THE SOFTWARE.
